feat: customize gradio components with lightning colors (#17054)
Lightning-AI/lightning: examples/app_gradio_custom_css/README.md

# Customize Gradio components

> If you want to customize gradio component by yourself, you need to pass `css` argument to ServeGradio like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to customize the Gradio component by yourself, you can pass the `css` argument to `ServeGradio` like this:
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```py
```

class AnimeGANv2UI(ServeGradio):
    inputs = gr.inputs.Image(type="pil")
    outputs = gr.outputs.Image(type="pil")
    ...

>     css='''
>       .gradio-container button.primary, .gradio-container button.plain {
>         background: red;
>         color: white;
>         font-size: 15;
>         font-weight: 500;
>     }
>     '''

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    css="""
      .gradio-container button.primary, .gradio-container button.plain {
        background: red;
        color: white;
        font-size: 15;
        font-weight: 500;
    }
    """
```

    def __init__(self):
        super().__init__(css=self.css)
        self.ready = False
```

> You can also pass path to css file like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also pass a path to a css file like this:
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```py
```

class AnimeGANv2UI(ServeGradio):
    inputs = gr.inputs.Image(type="pil")
    outputs = gr.outputs.Image(type="pil")
    ...

>     css="styles.css"
> 
>     def __init__(self):
>         super().__init__(css=self.css)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    def __init__(self):
        super().__init__(css="path/to/styles.css")
```
